## Introduction
- This repository contains Raveen Badyal's Mini Data Analysis Assignment for STAT545A. 
- On October 26, 2023, this repository contains a completed Milestone 1 assignment in the MDA Milestone 1 folder, and a completed Milestone 2 assignment in the MDA Milestone 2 folder and the Output folder. 
- The main data set that was studied was vancouver_trees. 
- Four research questions were formed regarding the vancouver_trees dataset in Milestone 1. These questions were further explored in Milestone 2 using the skills and tools discussed in STAT545A.

## Contents
This repository contains:
- README.md file (this file): this file describes the project and contents of the repository, and how to engage with the files.
- MDA Milestone 1 Folder:
    - mini-project-1.Rmd file: this file contains the data exploration of datateachr datasets. This file was edited in RStudio. The code of       mini-project-1 file can be viewed on Github in this Rmd file. 
    - mini-project-1.md: this file is the knitted (processed) and readable file of the Rmd and can be viewed in the md format on Github.
    - mini-project-1_files: is a folder that contains any figures generated by the mini-project-1 files
    - README.md: a short description of the contents of this folder
- MDA Milestone 2 Folder:
    -  mini-project-2.Rmd file: this file contains the data exploration of the vancouver_trees dataset. This file was edited in RStudio.           The code of mini-project-2 file can be viewed on Github in this Rmd file. 
    - mini-project-2.md: this file is the knitted (processed) and readable file of the Rmd and can be viewed in the md format on Github.
    - mini-project-2_files: is a folder that contains any figures generated by the mini-project-2 files
    - README.md: a short description of the contents of this folder
- Output Folder:
    -  fitted_diam.rds file: This is an outputted rds file from work done in the Rmd Milestone 2 file for Task 4.
    -  mda_task4.3.csv file: This is an outputted csv file from work done in the Rmd Milestone 2 file for Task 4.
    -  README.md: a short description of the contents of this folder

## File Engagement
To engage with these files, the Rmd file can be opened and edited in RStudio as a new project. Version control was used to connect edits made to the Rmd file in RStudio to Github. The required packages to install are specified in the beginning of the file. If the goal is to review the final project, a readable format is available on Github in the md format.
